feat: astro:env validateSecrets (#11337)
withastro/astro: .changeset/slow-roses-call.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Adds a new optional `experimental.env.validateSecrets` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new property `experimental.env.validateSecrets` to allow validating private variables on the server.
```

> If enabled, secrets will also be checked on start (dev/build modes). This is useful for example in some CIs to make sure all your secrets are correctly set before deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this is set to `false` and only public variables are checked on start. If enabled, secrets will also be checked on start (dev/build modes). This is useful for example in some CIs to make sure all your secrets are correctly set before deploying.
```

Haha, so didn't get shorter....

> If enabled, secrets will also be checked on start (dev/build modes). This is useful for example in some CIs to make sure all your secrets are correctly set before deploying.

Reviewer: Once the docs description is finalized, I'll suggest a shorter version for this line!
